The reading proposes three hypotheses about the functions of tree knees. Conversely, the professor considers they are all problematic.

To begin with, according to the reading, the cypress trees live in soil with low oxygen concentration, so that they use tree knees for extra oxygen supply. On the other hand, the professor disagreed with this idea by explaining a test. Scientists placed cypress tree knees in a closed chamber, and they measured the oxygen level inside over time. To their surprise, the oxygen level didn't change much, indicating they absorbed little oxygen, opposing the expected outcome, like the reading says, of a significant amount of oxygen.

Additionally, the reading claims that, the tree knees can provide additional stability for them, while the professor still casts doubt on. Actually, as the professor has said, only attaching to the vertical tree roots can help them maintain their stability because the vertical ones extend deep down the soil. But, in reality, tree knees are connected with horizontal tree roots, therefore, they are unable to provide any additional stability.

Lastly, the professor still refutes the opinion of the function of releasing methane. An interesting opinion is offered by the professor to stand against: There is no need for trees to emit the gases within them that don't harm to themselves, though, in this case, methane actually also provide zero benefit. Plus, researchers have found that, it is the microorganisms here in the spaces that methane is detected that creates the methane gas, rather than the trees themselves.


Government, personally, should provide support to space exploration, mainly because two reasons: The constant intentional innovation and the spread of science knowledges.

To start with, space exploration requires intentional innovation which challenges what the human race can do, and, most importantly, to expand our boundaries. Therefore, government promoting them can provide immense implication. Astronomy is a subject that requires science skills, and what government can do is to constantly develop, support and expand the limits of science skills we have. Therefore, space exploration can serve as a good step towards our limits.

Additionally, through government support of space exploration, science knowledge can be passed on, like explaining 'zero-gravity' when talking about astronomers in the space station. People, especially the younger ones, can be benefited, as they are the future of the science development if government promotes space exploration.



The reading explains three reasons concerning explanation about animal play, while the professor opposes them all, considering them all have false predictions, leading to unsuccessful theories.

To begin with, the reading explains surplus energy theory, which means mammals get rid of excess energy remain as they are efficient in managing their energy. The lecturer, on the other hand, opposes this idea, pointing out a example about seals. Young seals will stay to wait for their mother to bring food back to them, which usually takes a long time for parents to seek for food and return to feed them. The young ones still play regardless of the condition where there is no energy intake during this period, contradicting the theory of using up non-essential energy.

What's more, the reading put Instinct Practice as the second hypothesis, to clarify, this is an approach to train themselves to perform physical actions. The professor states there is actually no distinction between practicing and playing, with a experiment to prove that. Researchers let one group of cat play while preventing the other group from playing. The result contradicts the expected outcome of that, the more experienced group will be the one allowed to play. In fact, the result reveals that two groups of cat share the same physical abilities regardless of play or not.

Lastly, the reading also points out there is social factors, like rats play to make the rat group harmonious. The lecturer, nonetheless, still considers it unnecessary that the rats will do this in a very young age. According to discoveries the professor has explained, they still develop social behavior even after they are young, while they will not play after growing up.




Whether new and innovative subjects should be taught in public schools. 
19:50
From my perspective, innovative subjects should be taught in public schools, mainly for two reasons. Students learning them can foster a better active thinking and learning, and that innovative thinking in the next generation would boost the whole society ahead ultimately.


Public schools, are not solely a place for learning subject matters. To clarify, public schools should also incorporate more innovative courses in the curriculum. For instance, project-based-learning can force students to seek for materials on their own, plus, their group coordination ability will also improve. Society should not only recognize those with high scores on academics, but for those who have active learning abilities.

In addition, in long term, the students that those innovative learning fostered, will make a huge difference on the world by increasing the people with profound curiosity. And then, cutting-edge tech will be pushed by them in order to make it a better place.
20:00





Should government sponsor free college education?
19:28
From my perspective, governments will never find it useful sponsoring free college education. This is due to a potential misallocation of government resources and an increased unemployment level caused by the prevalence of high degree.

To begin with, a sponsor of free college education will actually hamper the improvement of higher education, because traditionally, people will pay in order to enjoy college study, and because of the income, colleges will be able to obtain revenue and therefore improve themselves. Government funding for the goal of free college will limit the revenue college will be able to dispose, resulting in a decrease in education quality.

In addition, college education, traditionally has a threshold of entry. However, if they become free, the value of college will depreciate a lot, resulting in unemployment, as companies are not recognizing those 'cheap' degrees anymore.
19:38



Well, I firmly believe that it is essential to assign a certain amount of exercises every day to assist their improvement, mainly as children can learn much while constantly exercising, and it reduces the stress of organizing the schedule.

To begin with, as people often said, 'Practice Makes Perfect', practicing is an indispensable part for people, not only for the kids to improve through repeated exercise. In fact, those exercises are not solely the boring ones; instead, as people regularly exercise, they may think of a better method of tackling a topic or gain some unique and personal thoughts. For instance after you have done much Math exercise concerning one topic, you may discover the best practice to solve those problems, and form your own way to understand that topic.

Additionally, as a regular exercise takes a fixed amount of time every day, children will not have to worry about their schedules. To clarify, children will focus more on their current list of To-Dos and not worrying about when to do them instead. Eventually, it will be a pretty time saving approach for them to improve, just as what we usually said 'Just do it'.




The reading explains three reasons why it is not worthwhile for elementary school to invest in music teaching, while the professor states three opinions standing against them.

To start with, according to the reading, school music teaching incurs criticism that students spend time not on other important subjects like math and reading. In contrast, the professor points out researches concerning music training that improves students' math abilities. To clarify, students will be trained for how long a note should me hold, like 1/8 or 1/4 notes. These practices will eventually enhance their cognition towards percentages and fractions. Also, a research shows musical activities offers an improvement in language skills, as students can see differences of sound, which is especially useful when learning a foreign language.

To add up, the reading also claims that it is costly for schools to implement these musical courses, like the salary of a teacher and a purchase of music instruments. However, the professor explain ways for schools to reduce costs. They can hire retired volunteers without actually paying them salaries, and the school can charge students for only a little for the borrowing of these music instruments and passes them for generations of students to use.

Lastly, while the reading also explains a downside about future development, that most of the students will not become a professional musician -- even for those who eventually wants to be, the lessons offered will not support them securely. Nevertheless, the professor still use facts to prove this opinion false. Without music, students cannot fully develop their appreciation towards music, and they will know little about the basic elements of music like rhythms and pitches. Additionally, it is the primary school that support children to live a full and a rich life.


Children should be taught how to obtain useful information online, instead of being addicted in (immerse in/indulging in) playing computer games.
On no counts/Under no circumstances/By no means can we ignore the immense benefit knowledge offers
University students participating in part-time job is not because of earning more money, but knowing more about the society.
Rather than saying one's income level depend on one's educational




From my perspective, I firmly believe traditional media is more superior than other sources, mainly because two aspects: The accuracy of the information and the profound depth.

First of all, although Kelly said that social media is a faster news source for us, I held a conspicuous opinion that they lack the fundamental requirement of news -- Integrity. As the prevalence of AI, many news can  be made up using those generative tools, posing a potential threat of misinformation toward those who don't have any previous experience in telling whether they are real. At last, those pieces of information is useless or harmful as they are not expressing the truth.

Additionally, it is critical for us to consider the depth of a piece of news. News programs on television, for example, sometimes offers a chat program in which people chat with each other about pieces of breaking news, boosting our understanding by receiving more opinions.






Credit card:
Personally, I would agree using novel ways of purchasing, like online shopping, can outcompete using cash, mainly for two reasons: Convenient and efficient.

To begin with, using online purchasing methods instead of cash is a fast and instant way of purchasing. To be specific, online payment has eliminated the need to gather physical money that may be scattered everywhere, especially when doing a large-amount purchase. With online payments, people could just click 'confirm' on the phone instead of counting money that costs a lot of precious time.

Additionally, as we are living in a digital world, it is essential for us to adopt digital payments instead of traditional cash payments in order to avoid being less efficient than the world. In essence, digital purchase solves the problem well by offering a simplified process of transaction, thereby boosting our efficiency.


19:25
I firmly consider searching online to help purchasing benefit more than friends' suggestions. The major reason is the breadth of information.

To start with, it is essential to recognize the inclusive nature of the internet. To clarify, online reviews with multiple ideas and opinions would exist at the same time, in other words, we can evaluate those reviews and form our own solutions easily. Comparing to asking family members, they may not have that much information to share with compared to online reviews. Therefore, online comments would be especially beneficial for our consumption.

While I agree Paul's opinion of the insufficient personalization suggestions available online that may cause wrong purchases, it is imperative for us to search for a wide range of information, including critics. Only in this way can we balance our views and decide purchase or not.
19:35



According to the reading, the herbicide is an unlikely cause of evergreen trees dying off. The professor, on the other hand, proves this theory unlikely.

To start with, the reading explains this herbicide is tested to be safe, which means it is unlikely for them to create environmentally dangerous events. On the other hand, the professor points out this kind of pesticide is only designed to use only in gardens or yards instead of widespread use. He points out even dogs or cats cannot be ensured not to be damaged. Therefore, it cannot be considered environmentally secure.

Additionally, the reading also claims only evergreen trees were damaged, indicating an uneven damage. Nevertheless, the professor states the distribution IS actually consistent. In elevated area, trees were not damaged, whilst in lower areas, they were. To further explain, as we all know that, water flows from high elevation to lover elevation. As contaminated water with herbicide reaches the roots at lower elevation, trees there were damaged then.

Lastly, while the reading points out consistently higher temperature and prolonged droughts may be a more likely cause, it is noteworthy that the heat only affect those leaves that are older. Disproved by professor, new leaves could have a different cost than expected that only evergreen trees damaged. In fact, new leaves would also be damaged after applying the herbicide. Therefore, the herbicide is still considered a likely cause.



From my perspective, I firmly believe implementing a to do list is good for all of us, not only because it forces us to organize matters in a tidy way, but also helps us in fostering a better ability to live alone.

First of all, it is noteworthy that many of us nowadays are filled with daily routines, while there is a strong tendency of forgetting them. Then to do list would assist organizing what is emergent while others are important, not to mention daily chores. In other words, to do lists could act as a crucial tool that help us organize our personal matter effectively.

In addition, in most parts of our lives, we are alone in essence, especially for university students and people endeavor to achieve in their academic or job progress. To be more specific, to do lists could help us organize things in a way that yourself can truly understand and truly relatable, as it only serves for yourself.



Personally, one unhealthy eating habit could be over-reliance on instant food, such as instant noodles. These kinds of instant food poses huge potential harm for our physical health, increasing the possibility of obesity.

First of all, take instant noodles as an example, noodles in the package are fried, and the sauces and packs with them is with a low cost of production. These two factors contributes to a high fat factor that contributes to overweighting. In addition, those with lower income will typically consume them more, creating even more danger to their health.

Also, though some may argue that instant food is convenient in terms of time, I especially disagree this, that the time efficiency should not at a cost of our physical health. To be more specific, instant food serves us as a meal quickly, but healthy eating habits serves us a healthy life in the long run.




The reading proposes three potential reason why the marble dust found in the Rhone River depicts Caesar. However, the professor opposes these three reasons, indicating them limited and not useful.

To start with, the reading explains the realist style portrayed in the marble is prevalent at that time. However, the professor points out that, in fact, the realist feature continue to be popular over several centuries after Caesar's time. Therefore, the possibility that the marbles were made after Caesar's time is high.

In addition, the reading also points out the figure of the marble is very similar to other portraits on other medium, like on silver coins, which both have similar hair. On the other hand, the professor strictly claims some of the other features is not actually identical. To be more specific, on the Roman coin, the nose of Caesar is very slim and have a long neck. In expected situation, all of the features of the portrait is supposed to be fully matched, consistent, which is not in reality. Thus, they not necessarily illustrate the one person.

Lastly, while the reading explains the bust may be immediately disposed into the river after the overthrown of Caesar. Nonetheless, it is noteworthy that there is also other statues found at the bottom of the river. Clarified by the professor, another statue of Neptune was also found there, right next to 'Caesar'. Actually, the Rhome River is a typical place when people dispose wastes, including statues.



Personally, I believe automation and AI integrated productions have their advantages outcompeting disadvantages. Some of the greatest advantages include an reduction of time and simplification of production process would have their benefits greater than induced unemployment.

To start with, AI and automation provide a brand new platform for firms to innovate. With the introduction of machine learning, enterprises can either develop their own models through intense researching, or use open-source models that are already available. Either ways, in essence, would boost efficiency, especially when companies develop their own innovative schemes or models or anything else which adapts them better to the contemporary market.

In addition, though the introduction of AI and automation causes problems related to traditional workers, it is noteworthy that AI and automation still require employees to monitor, which would in turn create new jobs.

Beyond=Besides=In addition
profoundly positive
prosperity and efficiency


I am profoundly convinced that flexible schedules offer essential employee worktime management and reserves more time for their personal life, which would create a dynamic and enjoyable working environment.

To begin with, traditional employees may struggle to get their ways to work, since in modern life, commuting systems may be very crowded during rush hours. Therefore, it is obvious that flexible work hours can help employees bypass this obstacle towards efficiency. To be more specific, empowered by remote communication tools, workers can choose to work at home or even shift their working hours to a later time.

Moreover, employees' life is even more important than the progress they make. Well-being can be achieved by flexible workhours by opting an outdoor online meeting session or going to anywhere relaxing when traditional work require you to on your position.



IVR 10/31
The reading explains three arguments supporting why EVR will deliver a more accurate survey. Conversely, the professor states none of them serves that function.

To start with, the reading indicates that people will respond to the question honestly, since they are only speaking to machines, not a real person -- The emotional pressure involved would diminish. However, the professor points out that even if people know they are talking to a machine, it is noteworthy that the information they expressed will still be evaluated by real person. Therefore, it is unlikely that people may say anything more accurate the way of speaking when using IVR.

Moreover, according to the reading, EVR makes surveys more reliable as companies can just use existing fundings to conduct EVR instead of paying salaries to the interviewer. Nevertheless, the professor ignores the idea, stating that even fewer people will finish answering the question than traditional telephone surveys, due to the lack of the real interviewer. In fact, it is impolite for people to end the call while doing a traditional phone research; IVR, on the other hand, creates a problem when people can end the call anytime as the other end is a robot. Thus, the professor says the survey will in turn become less reliable.

Lastly, the reading also explains how people react to different accent or gender the other end is, and how IVR resolves this problem. Unfortunately, the professor is still against the idea. She points out it is hard to make the voice neutral to everybody, and people's response still depend on who is asking the question even if IVR is implemented.



Children should be taught how to obtain useful information online/on the internet, instead of being addicted to/indulging in play computer games.
On no account/under no circumstances/Never can we ignore the immense value knowledge offers.
University students participating in part-time jobs is not for earning more, but for contacting with the society better.
College students take part-time jobs not for more money but for a better understanding of societies.
One's salary does not depend so much on his educational background as on this ability and contribution to the society.(not so much A as B/less A than B/more B than A与其说倒不如)
Fast food is far from(远非) satisfactory in terms of nutrition.
Parents cannot expect their children achieve in academics without hard-working.
Parents would not expect their children to succeed...
Practical courses, without doubt, can be applied in real life, which is essential for their future development./which is of vital importance to their development in the future.
Children are inclined to imitate matters seen on social media, which is sometimes harmful.
The majority of students believe that pert-time jobs will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skills, which may put them in a favorable fashion in the future job markets.

Although computers have been widely used in classrooms, they cannot replace the role of teachers.

Reasonable as the opinion sounds, it cannot bear much analysis. (虽然听起来有道理)

(尽管)In spite of a lot of conveniences that cars bring to people's life, they can create a series of problems.

It is hard to imagine what our life would look like without computer in modern society.

It is conceivable that (可想而知）

It is a highly controversial issue whether...

It is universally acknowledged that



11-5
In my opinion, levying an environmental tax on air travel is reasonable, as it would make up a little in the whole air ticket. Plus, the revenues collected by air taxes could also be used for practical environmental purposes.

First of all, it is noteworthy that people who take the airplane are generally considered middle-class and above. In other words, they have the ability to cover airplane travel even with taxes. Additionally, the environmental tax would not be too high to pay, as environmental agencies has evaluated that, many of us would take airplane, little cost per person is thus fair.

Moreover, essential environmental actions are made possible through those taxes. For instance, prevention from deforestation and balance of the marine environment. Environmental tax would then play a critical role in making them come true.

Increasing people's environmental awareness.
This increased awareness can lead to a shift in behavior.
Opt for more environmental friendly practices.
Taxes may burden passengers.
That concern can be addressed.
Green aviation technology.


20:30
From my perspective, instead of imposing penalties on those companies causing environmental damage, governments should subsidy them instead.

To start with, those companies inducing environmental damage seems devastating, but major of them are infant industries that don't have the techniques of how to produce in an environmentally friendly manner. Therefore, to solve the pollution problem radically, it is essential for governments to give them support. 

Additionally, the government should innovate new methods of resolving the problem instead of just levying penalties. Empowered by supply-side policy like training workers, employees then can be equipped with best practice in environmentally friendly production approaches, solving the root cause of the problem.
20:41

11-6
According to the reading, an unusual meteorite found in the Sahara desert may be originated from Mercury, supported by three reasons. However, the professor points out opinions that cast doubt on the reading's arguments.

To start with, the reading claims the light color indicates the meteorite comes from a planet with characteristic aligned with Mercury, after excluding other planets in the solar system. However, the professor states the meteorite can also belong to a protostar, which is the origin of a planet. To clarify, the protostar may have also borne collision, which produces that meteorite.

Additionally, while the reading explains the magnetism level of the planet is the lowest in any found meteorites, which fits the characteristic of rock on Mercury. Nonetheless, the professor indicates a essential characteristic, chemical composition, is different from that in the meteorite. In fact, the green object discovered with in the meteorite is completely absent in the soil of Mercury. Therefore, it is unlikely that it is originated from Mercury.

Moreover, the reading also proposes an hypothesis about how fast the meteorite is to escape the gravitational pull of the sun to arrive at the Earth. Conversely, the professor claims that only with a high speed, with very high level of kinetic energy, can this be made possible. With that speed, the meteorite is expected to melt and form glass at the surface, which is not the case in the actual one. Hence, the meteorite may not have gone through that much speed.

11-7
The use of automatic traffic cameras, proposed by the reading, has three potential drawbacks, while the professor rejected them all, stating that traffic cameras are even more useful.

To start with, the reading passage explains there is a delay when traffic violation ticket is sent to the violators hand, instead of immediate ticket assigning in traditional settings. However, the professor refutes the argument, claiming the intention of the traffic fine system is to change people's future behavior, which is why they are forced to pay for the ticket. Plus, with traditional method, after an police officer has spotted a case of violation, they come to send the driver a ticket, but completely ignoring other drivers that are also over speed limit, suggesting camera is a better choice in terms of ensuring all of the violators are fined.

In addition, while the reading says the consistency of the behavior will be less consistent due to the absence of camera on some roads. Nonetheless, the professor points out deploying a police officer is far more expensive than installing camera systems, while cameras can provide a wider coverage of area. Thus, the professor considers the consistency would increase instead.

Moreover, it is noteworthy that the reading also explains the rate of traffic accident, especially rear-end when they see the traffic camera, has increased by 15%. The professor, although acknowledging this, he considers them minor. Also, he provides evidence of decreasing crash rate in other types of accidents, such as head-on and sideways collision at the crossing, with a rate as much as 40%. The traffic camara, when seen by the driver, will encourage them to drive more carefully. So the reading's opinion seemed to be biased.